the latest victims of Israel's air
strikes on Gaza already displaced they
were killed when Rockets hit tents they
were Sheltering in in conun in the
southern part of the strip in Northern
Gaza the famine caused by Israel's
restrictions on food medicine and
essential life-saving supplies has led
to more Palestinians dying of hunger and
dehydration the latest victim a toddler
who died at alepa hospital in Gaza
City regrettably she succumbed to
dehydration and malnutrition moreover
she suffered from a chronic disease and
given that we have been in War for the
sixth consecutive month we are now
running out of the medication she
required we encounter similar cases
every day Aid Parcels continue to be air
dropped but not nearly enough and some
have fallen into the sea with no way to
retrieve
them I've been waiting since Dawn I have
a family of seven I came back
empty-handed I've not been able to get
even a handful of rice
Aid must come through the border
crossings or with unra this is not
working this is
humiliating Aid groups say it's critical
that Israel stops blocking Aid trucks
from entering the strip people are
starving to death now and when people
reach this level of hunger they have
hours in which an intervention might
help them they don't have weeks um and
so I think we're sort of skirting around
the real problem which is the land
access which is going to be much more
effective until that happens they warn
famine will continue to spread in Gaza
at an alarming rate Victoria gon B Al
jazer